Docs: Updates for React Docgen (#25776)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/builders/vite.md

### ArgTypes are not generated automatically

> Currently, [automatic argType inference](../api/arg-types.md#automatic-argtype-inference) is only available for React, Vue 3, and Svelte (JSDocs only). With React, the Vite builder defaults to `react-docgen`, a faster alternative to `react-docgen-typescript` for parsing React components. If you run into any issues, you can revert to `react-docgen-typescript` by updating your Storybook configuration file as follows:

Reviewer: The wording here makes it sounds like it's only Vite that defaults to `react-docgen`, but I don't think that's true?

Maybe this?:

```suggestion
Currently, [automatic argType inference](../api/arg-types.md#automatic-argtype-inference) is only available for React, Vue 3, and Svelte (JSDocs only). With React, the default docgen tool is `react-docgen`, a faster alternative to `react-docgen-typescript` for parsing React components. If you run into any issues, you can revert to `react-docgen-typescript` by updating your Storybook configuration file as follows:
```

Reviewer 2: I see what you're getting at, but this is on the Vite builder page, so I think it's fine as-is.

Author: That's what I was aiming for.
